Name: cssbs-hw08
Author: Greg Stephens
Date 23 July, 2019

Read chapter 8, pages 77 – 199 in the C# Step by Step book.

1. What is the difference between deep copy and shallow copy?
shallow copies only uses the clone methnod to copy references and values.
deep copies clone the object itself as well.

2. What is the value of a reference after you declare and initialize it?
its initialized to the value you set

3. How do you declare a value type?
pg 183 you allocate a block of memory big enough to hold the value type

4. How do you declare a reference type?
pg 183 you allocate a block of memory to hold an address(reference) to the memory block containing the
declared reference type (objects)

5. Does C# allow you to assign NULL to a value type?
yes

6. Can you assign a nullable value type to a non-nullable variable of the same type? Why or why not?
no. the non nullable type cant accept the nullable type because the nullable value type might contain
null as a value, which the non nullable cannot accept

7. What is the difference between the stack and the heap?
the heap contains the locations for references. when references are called they are assigned to the stack
as a value

8. What does it mean when we say that all classes are specialized types?
a class is a kind of reference type when declared as a variable
the stack is used for static memory allocation, the heap for dynamic.
stack contains variables, heap contains objects
pg 197

9. What does ref do?
when using ref as a prefix, any actions performed on the parameter are also performed on the original
argument, the parameter and argument both reference the same data.

10. What does out do?
it has the method itself initialize the parameter
it passes the argument to a method by reference instead of by the value

11. Describe boxing and unboxing in your own words.
boxing converts a value type into an object and stores it on the heap 
unboxing takes the stored value and converts it into a specified value type, assigning 
it to a new variable

12. What does cast do?
casting data tells the compiler to treat it as a specified value type